It seems that my aunt will have to continue.
You, you, shouldn't you be dead?
My aunt wants to kill me, but this is enough.
You've been pretending to be sick.
If I hadn't pretended to be sick, I would have been killed by you early in the morning.
You are talking nonsense and poisoning you,
She is obviously your good wife, what does it have to do with me?
Yes, don't just make false accusations if you think about it, we have evidence in hand.
Ah? Is this the evidence you are talking about?
Miss Jiang Family’s Third Miss Behind the Scenes
Don't be so poisonous
Thank you, uncle. You're welcome. I'm your wife.
The poison you are referring to is here.
Just added it to the wine
Shown specially to you
It's Wuying Medicine
As for the bottle of wine you gave me at the beginning
When I turn around
It’s already been dropped
It turns out you
You are all in cahoots with each other
Why scare the poisonous hand?
I am your biological sister
It’s when you scare your loved ones first
Big brother and sister-in-law
It was you who killed me